[docs][getting-started]: Update Getting started pages to use new local CLI (#19059)
expo/expo: docs/pages/get-started/installation.md

- [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)
- Windows users: [PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-core-on-windows), Bash via WSL, or the VS Code terminal

### Using Expo CLI

> To use Expo CLI, you can use it with `npx` &mdash; a Node.js package runner. For example, to see a list of available commands in Expo CLI, open the terminal on your development machine and run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Expo CLI without installation by leveraging `npx` &mdash; a Node.js package runner. For example, to see a list of available commands in Expo CLI, open the terminal on your development machine and run the following command:
```

The main goal was to remove multiple `use`, but I ended up altering a little bit more. Feel free to change this sentence in other way, which you think suits better.
